Ridge and beyond, object oriented
---
I got an extension to the deadline due to the illness over
the past weekend. Currently, I got past the couple of bugs that
held up both the object oriented attempt as well as the issue with 
Ridge regression.

I don't know exactly what was wrong with the ridge case, but I copied some
code from a different, but identical part of the program and replaced it.
That did the trick. 

Regarding the object orientation, it was no particular issue with my attempt,
merely that I made a slight mistake in the calling of the class object I passed along
to the resampler. properly initiating the object allowed the program to run properly. 

Further work now will probably be to finalize the data gathering part and calling procedure
for no resampling and OLS, before adding in bootstrap and k-fold as well as ridge and eventually
performing a sklearn lasso. I also need to redo the data gathering and store the data properly. 

As to the data I want to store, I think I want at least the betas, fits and statistics for some 
runs. 
 y_tilde = X @ beta

If I have the indices for y and X, as well as beta then the predictions and statistics should be
reproducable from just that. Don't know exactly, but I might want to make a structure that stores
these. Perhaps the "pickle" thing I've seen a couple of times? 

For the object orientation, I've taken a lot of inspiration from the example of hmvege's github repo
of the project. Though the main...workings of the code is already made largely myself, the info on 
e.g. __init__.py files, syntax for imports, ideas regarding architecture etc. 

This is largely based on my interpretation of the data, but my current plan on OO'ing thecode is to
work out from the "regressor", so OLS or Ridge, essentially the 
	`y_tilde = Regressor(X_train, y_train, reg_wkargs)`
the kwargs bit was something I initially saw with hmvege's code, and looking it up, it seems fairly common if
you don't know the exact amount of incomming arguments. At least according to the first python learning site 
I found. I've wanted to implement some sort of return or retaining of the data into one thing, so that I could just
pass this to a plot or storage function, having that go through each element of the object and work it out. 
I'm thinking either making such a "statistics" object, or a list of such which gan be looped through, with 
specific instructions for the relevant aspects of the object in question. I also noticed hmvege using dicts, which 
could be a much simpler way of accomplishing what I want, though I'm not the most familiar with them. 

hmvege is also where I found the idea for and example of class inheritance for python. I don't think I need, nor 
have the time to implement the safety measures of the "@property" tags for encapsulating the data, but it's a definitive
area of improvement for the code. 
